Hello hello hello. Hello everyone. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Selenos Selena Selen Selena Selen Selena C E L L I I N A. And in today's video, I am going to be doing a Q& A. This is kind of like my 7K subscriber special, I guess you could say. And I'm going to be answering your guys's questions about me. So, I have a fair bit to get through. So, let's get started. Okay. So, I am reading um the comments from my YouTube post that I posted a week ago. And um we will be answering as many of them as we can today. Today, today today um no particular order. We're just going to get started. Um, thanks for submitting your questions to me and um, I hope you enjoy. Okay, we're going to start with the first question, which is which country would you most like to visit? Um, I think at the moment I really want to visit like Italy or something like that or like Greece, like a European country I think first would be really nice cuz I really want to do that um the Euro summer. I really want that. But yeah, at the moment that's probably my top picks. Thanks for your question. Okay, let's move on to the next one. Um, [sighs] some people asked like 10 or 11 questions. I don't think I'm going to answer all of them. I'll just pick a couple that I want to answer. Okay. So, do you plan on doing ASMR for a long time? Um, I'm not really sure how long I'm going to do this for. I don't know when I'll stop. I don't have a set date when that is. Um, just as long as I enjoy it and want to do it for. So, um, perhaps it will be for a long time. Who knows? I don't know. Um, [clears throat] is it ever going to be your full-time job? I don't think I would ever really do ASMR as my full-time job because um I think if I were to have as a full-time job, I think it would get kind of I would get tired of it and I like to do ASMR as like my hobby and I don't think I would want my hobby to turn into a job because then I wouldn't enjoy my hobby. So, um I don't think I want it to turn into a full-time job. I like it being a side hustle and like something that I look forward to doing, not something that um I need to depend on to make money from, if that makes sense. Um do you wait do you have a boyfriend? No. Okay. You know what? Let's see what else. Um, another person says, "Do you watch anime?" Anime. Anime. Anime. Um, I don't watch anime. I have watched a couple, but I don't really get into it. But I've watched a couple like episodes of some popular animes like um JJK and I think the Attack on Titan show, but I never really got fully into it. Oh, and um also the Avatar, but I don't know if that counts as anime, but I don't think it does. Actually, I don't think that does. I don't think that counts. I don't think it counts. Okay. Do you play video games? Not as much as I used to. I used to play the Sims a lot. I love the Sims. The Sims 4. Um, Roblox. I play Roblox time to time again. Um, and do I play any other ones? Sometimes I play phone games like you know. Um, yeah. Now, I get this question a lot, and I'm not sure why I keep getting this question because I swear I've answered this like 10 billion times, but someone asks, "Will you ever reconsider making custom videos again or a Patreon?" um the custom video thing that was on my last channel and that was purely for hitting the 5K milestone. I picked five people to get a custom video. But it honestly it didn't really work out. And anyways, that was a one-time thing. I will never I'm telling you right now I will never make custom videos because and I get many emails about this from people that send me very very very very weird requests and I'm not comfortable in doing your requests and I don't look forward to doing anyone's custom videos because of that. So, custom videos will not happen, and I don't know if they will ever happen, but I'm not doing them because I'm too creeped out from everyone's weird kinks and fetishes, and I don't want to do it. No. Sorry. And the Patreon thing. I don't think I will ever make a Patreon. So, no. Also, yes, please stop asking about the custom video thing. I have it in the bio of like my YouTube channel. I say no custom videos. And I swear I get a couple people each video asking me, "Do you do custom videos? Do you do custom videos?" The answer is no. I don't do custom videos. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of answering it. Please, guys. Please. Okay. Ethnicity tag. I don't really even know what that really means. I think they're asking like what my ethnicity is. Um, I am half Vietnamese and half German, so there you go. Um, someone asks, "What mic equipment do you prefer, single or dual mics?" Personally, I like just a single mic. I think that it does the job and it does it very well. So, personally, I use a single mic. Clearly, the Blue Yeti is my favorite ASMR mic of all time. It's just so versatile and it's very accessible for people. So, yes, I would say a single mic is quite good. My dream job also saw people uh like replying to people's questions and answering it for me. Okay then. But anyways, my dream job is to be a model. Um, I really like the idea of being a model and modeling in general. I have already done modeling before when I was younger and I really enjoyed it. And um, I've already said before in other videos that I would that I've been looking to reenter into the modeling industry. So, yes, that is my dream job. Um, console games, I don't play any console games. I only play games on my laptop. Um, um, yeah, but the console games. Yeah, I don't play that. Um, any games that are console games. Um, they also ask, "How is Australia and would you recommend anyone to move there?" I like Australia. I think it's really good. Um, I really like our beaches. I like the way of life here. It's very simple. It's very easy. And I think Australia has a lot of opportunities. As much as people want to say that that the opportunities are limited here, obviously it's limited. um in some ways in comparison to like America for example, but I think we still have a lot of opportunities and it is a fantabulous fantabulous a fabulous um place to live. Um the weather can be all over the place, but honestly, you just got to love it. But yeah, I really like Australia. Is there something content creationwise that you want to do that isn't ASMR? Um, yes. I would like to do just like a non ASMR channel where I do like vlogs or like um self-c care tips for girls or girly kind like girly kind of content because I like watching content like that and I think it's really helpful as well. So yes, I would thank you for your question. Okay, my zodiac sign my zodiac sign is a Libra. I'm a Libra. Libra. Libra. I don't know the other ones. My rising or my whatever it is. Um I only know zodiac sign period. It's Libra. Okay. What are some of the things that make you feel happiest? I am my happiest when I am surrounded by love. So, I love being around my friends, especially my friends, my family, my dog. I love my dog. My dog is literally my best friend. Um, I love doing hangouts with friends. I love just honestly being in the presence with my friends. It just makes me super happy and doing activities with them as well. Um, yes. Um, what else makes me happy happy? I love baking. That makes me happy. Um, me and my dad, we like to do bustling together. Buzzling. Bustling. I love bustling. And um, that makes me happy when we can do it together. We also build Lego together. So, those make me really happy. Okay. What do you want to do? Oh, wait. Sorry. What do you want to be slashdo after uni? After uni, I will be um registered as a medical radiation practitioner or basically um oh my god, I've gone a blank. What is the name? A radiographer. I will be a registered radiographer and that um will be my job for for life, I guess. But yeah, that's what I'm that's what I'm studying to be in uni right now. So yes, what's a random fact about you? I am a massive dog fan. I am definitely dogs over cats. I don't like cats. I'm lowkey allergic to cats. So, um, yes, I will pick the dog 10 times over the cat. Sorry. Okay. If you could use only one trigger forever, what would it be? One trigger forever. Um, I think I would do if I could only if I could only use one trigger. Honestly, I really like the floppy one, the fluffy mic cover because I love the sound it makes when you like run your fingers through it and give you, you know, give the viewer a brain massage. That is my favorite. And I think it's really soothing. I like to listen to it. It's It's very tinkly. So, if I had to do it for the rest of my life, I would use that one. Okay. What's something most people don't know about you? Um, uh, that I used to do taekwondo. I guess that was my sport that I grew up doing. But I don't do it anymore. So yeah, I did that wonder. Oh my goodness. What the hell is this? This is so many questions. Okay. Well, what's the biggest green flag someone can have? Um, I think if honestly if the person is kind, if the person is kind and they're genuine about being kind too. Like I hate people who are fake and secretly hate you. I just want genuine real friendship. That's my green flag. Kind people. Real kind people. That's green flag. Green flag. Um, would you rather be extremely rich with no friends or dead broke with amazing friends? That is such a hard question. I'm thinking dead broke with amazing friends because when you're rich with no friends, what am I going to do with all the money? You know, I love I love spending my money on my friends. So, I'd rather be dead broke with zero money but amazing great friends. So, what a performative answer, but it's serious. Okay. Um, something about yourself that you've been trying to improve. Um, I've been trying to improve the way I speak to myself. I don't like the way that I speak to myself. Um, I think I speak about myself very negatively in the way that um the way I look. Uh, sometimes I say that I don't like the way I look um in certain ways. So, like before I used to talk about how bad my how big my cheeks were and whatever, whatever that it's not ideal for me, whatever. I don't like that I nitpick at certain things about my face. I think that I was given this face for a reason and it's rude of me to keep complaining about it. Um, I if I don't like it, I should do something about it. But I think I have to be grateful for what I for what I have because life is very precious and it's not good sitting around here moping around and being sad about it. So I think I should be more kinder to myself because mental health it actually affects your physical health more than you think it does. Okay. Um, someone went, "Why didn't you go to stream at university?" Guys, I don't stream. Period. If you could be any higher, what would it be? Um, what height? Honestly, maybe like super super tall. Like maybe a little high like taller than I am right now. Maybe like I think my dream would be like 180 cm as like at a max like 5 cm taller than what I'm already at. That would be good. Have you ever been to New Zealand? No, but I do want to visit visit it one day because it's like a brother country. So it would be nice to visit. Okay. Uh GB, she asks, "What's your death row meal? Appetizer, main dish, dessert, and drink. Love you, girl." Oh, I love you, too. Everyone go follow her. She's such a sweetheart. Okay. Honestly, I haven't really thought about this, but I have seen those YouTube videos where people like celebrities um say their last meals, but my death row meal for an appetizer. I would say I love me some garlic bread. I love garlic bread. So, maybe some garlic bread. Domino's garlic bread is tea. It slaps every time. So good. Main dish. Let's do some salmon sashimi. I love sashimi and sushi in general. Maybe that in um big bowl of fur. Honestly, so good. And then um Oh my god, I wait in the appetizers. I also want to add chicken wings. I love chicken wings. So good. And for dessert, oh my god, I am a massive sweet tooth. Anything cake, sugar, ice cream, cheesecake, mate. Anything with sugar, I'll eat. So, honestly, um, dessert, all of the above. Like, sis, I love Dubai chocolate things at the moment. That's pretty good. I love Nutella. I love me some asai. It's too hard to pick one. There's so many amazing options. I love me a cookie. I love cookies. Um maybe for now we will say a a cookie. You know those ones in those like little skillet pl skillet pans? The skillet pan cookies. Yeah. With ice cream on top and like sauce. Oh yes. I would Yeah. Give me 10 of them right now. So yeah, we'll do that one. And for the drink, honestly. Oh. Oh my god. I know. Thai iced tea. Die iced tea. Oh my god. I love Thai iced tea. It's so good, guys. It's so good. If you haven't tried it before, please try it. It's so amazing. Maybe we can add some tapioca balls into it. But yeah. Okay. What music do you enjoy listening to? At the moment, I'm actually into a little bit of throwbacks. I love the White Girl bangers. Love me some of those. Like, I'm talking like 2016 music at the moment. That's what I'm listening to because the vibes were there. And honestly, the lyrics so good. What the hell are the song lyrics these days? I swear to gosh, the lyrics people be coming up with for these songs is ridiculous. And honestly, it's disgusting. Can we do better, please? Anyways, [clears throat] now they ask, "What is your favorite cuisine?" Cuisine. Cuisine. Okay. I like I like Oh my gosh. I like a lot of things. I would probably say that maybe Italian food or Mediterranean food. Honestly, is that a good scene? Would you say that's cuisine? Yeah, I honestly My mom does make Vietnamese food and that's pretty good. I really do like chicken fur very much. But um I do love me some steak, which I know is not Italian, but I love me pasta. I love pasta. So yeah, I guess we'll say Italian for right now. Okay. What is your favorite country and why? Um, oh, hold on. Okay, guys, I'm actually back. Fun fact, I've gone for a couple hours and I've come back because I actually went to the gym. So, we're back from the gym. Okay, but moving on. The next question is, what is your favorite country and why? I'm going to say my favorite country is maybe Vietnam because Vietnam is very beautiful. If you haven't been to Vietnam before, you should definitely go. It is so lively and busy, but in a good way. And the people are very lovely and they're very sweet. and they're very sweet. Although I haven't been to Vietnam in a very long time, they are lovely people and my relatives live there. So yeah, it's just a great country and everything is lowkey pretty cheap. Cheaper than in Australia, that's for sure. Okay, I'm also eating some um ice cream and fruit. Okay. Someone says, "Where are you from?" I'm from Australia. What's your major in uni? medical imaging. So I do medical radiation science and I major in medical imaging and the career I want to pursue postgraduation is becoming a radiographer radiographer. my radiographer. Radiographer radiographer. Um or yeah, that's the career I would get postgraduation from. But um it's not my dream. Someone else says, "If you could live in a universe that isn't ours, what would you choose?" I think the Marvel universe. I really like the Marvel movies. And when I was a kid, I always used to roleplay and um pretend I was Scarlet, which Yeah. But I really love the Marvel Super Movie, the Marvel franchise. I think they're great movies. I love them. Who is your favorite ASMR channel to watch? Oh my god, I have so many. Um, Lucy ASMR just came back and I have been binge watching Lucy. If you've never watched her videos before, please go watch them. She is so good at making ASMR. Anyways, her ASMR style is so unique. It is unlike any other ASMR channel I've ever watched. Um, her videos are super relaxing and she's literally a tingle master. She's so good at what she does. So yeah, I love I love her ASMR so much. I also love watching smaller channels. I think they do such a great job. Um, I can Oh, the ASMR Aries is good. Um, go ASMR go. Um, honestly, I can't even think about the channel names at the moment, but yeah, I love smaller ASMR channels. I always think that they do really good ASMR videos, sometimes over like the mainstream ones and the professional ones. So, that's my opinion. Okay. Hi. Did you play any sports right now or do you play any sports right now or any growing up? Um, like I said before, I grew up playing or doing taekwond do. That was my sport. I didn't play any soccer or football or um anything else really. Um, I did play tennis a couple times, but it was my main sport. Taekwondo is what? Taekwondo is what I did. So yes, um I'm not playing any sports right now. The only thing I'm doing is gym. So yes. Okay. [clears throat] Sorry, there's like more background noise because more people are in my house right now. So that's why you can hear beeping sounds and stuff. Guys, I don't even have a Spotify playlist. I'm being so serious. I only have like other people's playlist that I listen to. I'm too lazy to go make my own playlist. Okay. Do you have any weirder hobbies? Not necessarily super weird, don't get me wrong. I just don't know how to ask this. Do I have weird hobbies? Not really. I mean, not that I can think of at the moment. My hobbies, I mean, all I do is I mean doing puzzles. That's my hobbies really and like building like Lego sometimes and stuff like that. But like they're not really weird. So maybe not. Do you watch true crime? I don't really watch true crime. No. Get into certain theories. Darot cards. No, I'm not very spiritual in that um way. So, I don't really get into like um direct readings or palm readings or things like that like magic balls and stuff. No, I don't really do any of that stuff. But um yeah. Um, this person asked, "What do I use for my hair? What main makeup products do I use?" Um, I have done a makeup video before, a couple videos before. Um, where I do my full get ready with me. So, um, you can watch that one and, um, shows you all the products that I use. Um, for my hair, honestly, I'm really hating my hair at the moment. It's very oily. It's been getting very oily very quickly. So, yeah, I just use any drugstore shampoo though. Anything that's cheap, anything that's cheap, I will be picking up and that that will be my shampoo for the month. Um, yeah. And then I add a little bit of oil once I get out the shower into the into the ends of my hair. But yes. Um, [sighs and gasps] yes. What's my age? I'm 19. And I'm turning 20 soon. Weird food combo likes. Do I have any weird food combos? I don't know. I don't necessarily have any weird combinations that I, you know, put together, but I really like pickles. I like pickles a lot. Or girkens. I like girkins. I like the ones that are tangy, the dill ones. So I think yeah this is my favorite. Now I'm another person asked me what is my skin. Now the next question is what is my skincare routine? Um, honestly, it's very it's very long and I think it would be better if I showed a video of it. So, I might do a video doing um my skin care if you guys are open to that. But yeah, basically just use toner, vitamin C serum. Um, I've been using, it's very ugly now, the Dr. Alvina 345 cream and I use that vitamin C serum from that brand and um that's for like my night time but yeah I can do a more indepth routine or whatever um if you guys would like it upon request sorry kiss. What is your favorite ASMR microphone? This one. This one is my all-time favorite. I think it cannot be beaten. It's so It's so good. But yeah, and it's pretty reasonably priced in my opinion. I think it's it's amazing for amate. Yeah. Okay. Would you help me if I was if I was the size of an ant on the street? Sorry. >> [snorts] >> Are you planning to move to a different state/c country after university? Um, I'm not too sure at the moment. I haven't really thought that long term yet. Um, but yeah, I'm not really sure because I really like my community that I have here. So, feel like I would be really sad if I were to move away and be left all alone. And yeah, where do you hope to see yourself in 5 years? Hopefully I am successful. I'm happy. I'm a model and I don't know. I'm doing something that I love and I definitely Oh, and I have my degree. I want to make sure that I still get my degree because that's super important to me. favorite ASM artist, Lucy, at the moment. Like I said before, [snorts] who is your idol and what is your favorite ASMR category? Um, my idol I is this No. Okay. Idol. I don't really have an idol, I guess. Um, I do look up to like celebrities like Haley Bieber and stuff, but I wouldn't idolize them. But yeah, I like her and I like her skincare brand. And um, another question is, what is your favorite ASMR category? I love um, mouth sounds up close whispering. I do like hand movements. Like some people are super good at hand movements. They go like No, I can't do all of that. Like I'm very like basic. Yeah, I can't even do it. Like I can't even do it properly. But um yes, I like that. But I think whispers if someone is good at whispering like that is tingles tingle tingle but um yeah I'm not the biggest like I'm not crazy for tapping but yeah I really really like whispers. Those are my favorite. Oh and like when they can like the foam mic and then they do like scratching with a foam mic and then like whispers. my absolute favorite. Yep. But I'm pretty sure that's all my questions. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's all my questions. But anyways, thank you so much for all your questions. It was lovely to answer them. Um, hope you guys enjoyed this video and um, I will possibly make a part two in the future. Um, we'll see how we go. But yes, I'll see you guys. I'm so awkward. I'll see you guys next time in my next video. Good night.